[Music]
hi it's agatha
welcome or welcome back to my channel
and for today's
video i am going to share with you guys
my top five favorite blushes
and my recommendations for you before we
get started please make sure to like
this video
and subscribe to my channel as well so
if you're interested in knowing my top
five favorite blushes and the reason why
i love them
then keep on watching so let's start off
with the most affordable one
and by the way this is not in order so
we're going to
shop for price range and the first one
would be this one
this is the visco xbt 21 hour duo
in the shade superstar and the reason
why i love this is that
of course do ownership you get a blush
and highlighter and the highlighter of
this one is also nice
and then for the blush now i love the
shade
it's a very muted pink it's a mob
actually a mauve shade that is perfect
for
any skin tone i must say and this
is this watch for you guys to see this
is not drying at all and
you know it's very affordable that's why
i love this
there you go the next one
is this one from detail cosmetics
this is their velvet flush in the shade
bow the reason why i love this is
because of the texture itself
it's velvety and it's very pigmented
and then enough as you can see
and the shade is really beautiful
it's perfect for um everyday
perfect for any skin type as i've said
now the texture of this one is really
nice
that's why i love this and the shade as
well it's really
it's really um natural and it's like a
flush long it's not cheeks
there the next one would be
this one from color get and this is what
i am wearing right now
as you can tell and this is in the shade
ginger this is their color tint in the
matte
variant in shade ginger the reason why i
love this it's very on the go
very lightweight and deep it
could say you just need a small amount
of
it then when you blend it so brown
pigmented as you can see
and the shade of this one is also nice
and you can use this
for your cheeks for your lips and the
same with this one the velvet flush
as you can tell as you can notice the ba
on the same same young color
there we go then the next one would be a
cream blush
this is from happy skin the generation
happy skin on the go blush
in the shade glowing and this has been
my blush
ever since skyping face to face panda
classes
this is super long-lasting and what i
notice about this product is that
you go as you can see so nice
i will remove my bracelet
[Music]
and all of them or all of the products
that i will mention in this video are
long lasting
and i can attest
touch so sobriety to my product
[Music]
the last one would be this one from
benefit and this is
the um since
this cost around
one thousand or one two i'm not sure
but the reason why i love this product
is that english
and weird blush tapas
hindi matte it's shimmery they're
very natural along you itchyrenia and it
has gold specks which i love and the
scent
of this one is so nice
[Music]
it's also a pink blush
that is super natural
i like this one better than the
dandelion
blush from benefit you say
it yes
[Music]
this is what this watch looks like and
as you can see
super natural and it
[Music]
there you have it these are all the
blush recommendations that i
have for you guys and these are my
favorite blushes
that concludes our video for today thank
you for watching
please like and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
i'll see you in my next one bye
[Music]